Update dallas.rst (#1100)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/dallas.rst

To use your :ref:`dallas sensor <dallas-sensor>`, first define a dallas “hub” with a pin and
id, which you will later use to create the sensors. The 1-Wire bus the
sensors are connected to should have an external pullup resistor of

> about 4.7KΩ. For this, connect a resistor of *about* 4.7KΩ (values around that like 1KΩ will work fine, if you don't have
> massively long wires, in most cases) between ``3.3V`` and the data pin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about 4.7KΩ. For this, connect a resistor of *about* 4.7KΩ between ``3.3V``
and the data pin. Values +/- 1KΩ will, in most cases, work fine as well,
if you don't have massively long wires.
```

To use your :ref:`dallas sensor <dallas-sensor>`, first define a dallas “hub” with a pin and
id, which you will later use to create the sensors. The 1-Wire bus the
sensors are connected to should have an external pullup resistor of
about 4.7KΩ. For this, connect a resistor of *about* 4.7KΩ between ``3.3V``

> and the data pin. Values +/- 1KΩ will, in most cases, work fine as well,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and the data pin. Values ± 1KΩ will, in most cases, work fine as well,
```

Configuration variables:
************************

> - **pin** (**Required**, number): The pin the sensor bus is connected to. NOTE: 1-wire is a bi-directional bus so it requires both input and output from pin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pin** (**Required**, number): The pin the sensor bus is connected to. Please note that 1-wire is a bi-directional bus so it requires both input and output from the pin.
```
